Add opcode info in compiling-smart-contracts (#12217)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/index.md

```

> These are called [Opcodes](https://ethereum.org/developers/docs/evm/opcodes). EVM opcodes are the low-level instructions that the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) can execute. Each opcode represents a specific operation, such as arithmetic operations, logical operations, data manipulation, control flow, etc.

Reviewer: Looks good! Might suggest a tiny change... A pattern we use a lot on the site is to separate a callout link like this after the paragraph, using "More on opcodes". Might suggest this:

```suggestion
These are called **opcodes**. EVM opcodes are the low-level instructions that the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) can execute. Each opcode represents a specific operation, such as arithmetic operations, logical operations, data manipulation, control flow, etc.

[More on opcodes](/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)
```

(For future reference as well, internal links should only have the relatively path with a trailing slash... ie `/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/`)

Author: understood! I will follow this suggestion from now on.

Reviewer: It's not a pattern that is absolutely required of course, but can be a nice way to let the user read the sentence/paragraph and then be given a link at the end so it doesn't interrupt them mid-sentence.
